http.server is not limited to serving static files (#32495)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/common_questions/tools_and_setup/set_up_a_local_testing_server/index.md

## Running server-side languages locally

The best approach for working with server side languages, such as Python, PHP, or JavaScript, depends on the server-side language you are using, and whether you're working with a web framework or "stand-alone" code.

> If you're working with a web framework, usually the framework will provide its own simple and easy to use development server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're working with a web framework, usually the framework will provide its own development server.
```

For example, the following languages/frameworks come with a development server:

- Python web frameworks, such as [Django](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Django), [Flask](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/), and [Pyramid](https://trypyramid.com).
- Node/JavaScript frameworks such as [Express Web Framework (Node.js/JavaScript)](/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs)
- PHP has its own [built-in development server](https://www.php.net/manual/en/features.commandline.webserver.php):

  ```bash
  cd path/to/your/php/code
  php -S localhost:8000
  ```

> If you're not working directly with with a server-side framework or a programming language that provides a development server, Python's `http.server` module can also be used to test server-side code written in languages such as Python, PHP, JavaScript, and so on, by invoking server-side GCI scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're not working directly with with a server-side framework or a programming language that provides a development server, Python's `http.server` module can also be used to test server-side code written in languages such as Python, PHP, JavaScript, and so on, by invoking server-side Common Gateway Interface (CGI) scripts.
```

Could be worth a glossary entry but not really worth it.
